Redux is a JS library for predictable and maintainable global state management.

It helps you write applications that behave consistently, run in different environments (client, server, and native), and are easy to test. On top of that, it provides a great developer experience, such as live code editing combined with a time traveling debugger.

You can use Redux together with React, or with any other view library. It is tiny (2kB, including dependencies), but has a large ecosystem of addons available.

What is Redux Toolkit?

Redux Toolkit is our official recommended approach for writing Redux logic. It wraps around the Redux core, and contains packages and functions that we think are essential for building a Redux app. Redux Toolkit builds in our suggested best practices, simplifies most Redux tasks, prevents common mistakes, and makes it easier to write Redux applications.

RTK includes utilities that help simplify many common use cases, including store setup, creating reducers and writing immutable update logic, and even creating entire "slices" of state at once.

Whether you're a brand new Redux user setting up your first project, or an experienced user who wants to simplify an existing application, Redux Toolkit can help you make your Redux code better.


How Redux Toolkit Is Different From the Redux Core
What Is "Redux"?
The first thing to ask is, "what is Redux?"

Redux is really:

A single store containing "global" state
Dispatching plain object actions to the store when something happens in the app
Pure reducer functions looking at those actions and returning immutably updated state

While it's not required, your Redux code also normally includes:

Action creators that generate those action objects
Middleware to enable side effects
Thunk functions that contain sync or async logic with side effects
Normalized state to enable looking up items by ID
Memoized selector functions with the Reselect library for optimizing derived data
The Redux DevTools Extension to view your action history and state changes
TypeScript types for actions, state, and other functions

